com/mojang/authlib/exceptions/AuthenticationException.java
 com.mojang.authlib.exceptions.AuthenticationException
com/mojang/authlib/legacy/LegacyMinecraftSessionService.java
 com.mojang.authlib.legacy.LegacyMinecraftSessionService
com/mojang/authlib/minecraft/InsecureTextureException.java
 com.mojang.authlib.minecraft.InsecureTextureException
 com.mojang.authlib.minecraft.InsecureTextureException$MissingTextureException
 com.mojang.authlib.minecraft.InsecureTextureException$OutdatedTextureException
 com.mojang.authlib.minecraft.InsecureTextureException$WrongTextureOwnerException
com/mojang/authlib/UserAuthentication.java
 com.mojang.authlib.UserAuthentication
com/mojang/authlib/BaseAuthenticationService.java
 com.mojang.authlib.BaseAuthenticationService
com/mojang/authlib/minecraft/BaseMinecraftSessionService.java
 com.mojang.authlib.minecraft.BaseMinecraftSessionService
com/mojang/authlib/yggdrasil/response/MinecraftProfilePropertiesResponse.java
 com.mojang.authlib.yggdrasil.response.MinecraftProfilePropertiesResponse
com/mojang/authlib/GameProfileRepository.java
 com.mojang.authlib.GameProfileRepository
com/mojang/authlib/legacy/LegacyUserAuthentication.java
 com.mojang.authlib.legacy.LegacyUserAuthentication
com/mojang/authlib/yggdrasil/YggdrasilGameProfileRepository.java
 com.mojang.authlib.yggdrasil.YggdrasilGameProfileRepository
com/mojang/authlib/yggdrasil/response/MinecraftTexturesPayload.java
 com.mojang.authlib.yggdrasil.response.MinecraftTexturesPayload
com/mojang/authlib/properties/PropertyMap.java
 com.mojang.authlib.properties.PropertyMap
 com.mojang.authlib.properties.PropertyMap$Serializer
com/mojang/util/QueueLogAppender.java
 com.mojang.util.QueueLogAppender
com/mojang/authlib/BaseUserAuthentication.java
 com.mojang.authlib.BaseUserAuthentication
com/mojang/authlib/yggdrasil/response/User.java
 com.mojang.authlib.yggdrasil.response.User
com/mojang/authlib/exceptions/AuthenticationUnavailableException.java
 com.mojang.authlib.exceptions.AuthenticationUnavailableException
com/mojang/authlib/yggdrasil/YggdrasilMinecraftSessionService.java
 com.mojang.authlib.yggdrasil.YggdrasilMinecraftSessionService
 com.mojang.authlib.yggdrasil.YggdrasilMinecraftSessionService$1
com/mojang/authlib/HttpUserAuthentication.java
 com.mojang.authlib.HttpUserAuthentication
com/mojang/authlib/yggdrasil/YggdrasilAuthenticationService.java
 com.mojang.authlib.yggdrasil.YggdrasilAuthenticationService
 com.mojang.authlib.yggdrasil.YggdrasilAuthenticationService$1
 com.mojang.authlib.yggdrasil.YggdrasilAuthenticationService$GameProfileSerializer
com/mojang/authlib/yggdrasil/ProfileIncompleteException.java
 com.mojang.authlib.yggdrasil.ProfileIncompleteException
com/mojang/authlib/yggdrasil/request/ValidateRequest.java
 com.mojang.authlib.yggdrasil.request.ValidateRequest
com/mojang/authlib/Agent.java
 com.mojang.authlib.Agent
com/mojang/authlib/GameProfile.java
 com.mojang.authlib.GameProfile
com/mojang/authlib/UserType.java
 com.mojang.authlib.UserType
com/mojang/authlib/exceptions/UserMigratedException.java
 com.mojang.authlib.exceptions.UserMigratedException
com/mojang/authlib/yggdrasil/request/JoinMinecraftServerRequest.java
 com.mojang.authlib.yggdrasil.request.JoinMinecraftServerRequest
com/mojang/authlib/legacy/LegacyAuthenticationService.java
 com.mojang.authlib.legacy.LegacyAuthenticationService
com/mojang/authlib/exceptions/InvalidCredentialsException.java
 com.mojang.authlib.exceptions.InvalidCredentialsException
com/mojang/authlib/yggdrasil/YggdrasilUserAuthentication.java
 com.mojang.authlib.yggdrasil.YggdrasilUserAuthentication
com/mojang/authlib/AuthenticationService.java
 com.mojang.authlib.AuthenticationService
com/mojang/authlib/minecraft/HttpMinecraftSessionService.java
 com.mojang.authlib.minecraft.HttpMinecraftSessionService
com/mojang/authlib/yggdrasil/ProfileNotFoundException.java
 com.mojang.authlib.yggdrasil.ProfileNotFoundException
com/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftProfileTexture.java
 com.mojang.authlib.minecraft.MinecraftProfileTexture
 com.mojang.authlib.minecraft.MinecraftProfileTexture$Type
com/mojang/authlib/yggdrasil/request/AuthenticationRequest.java
 com.mojang.authlib.yggdrasil.request.AuthenticationRequest
com/mojang/authlib/yggdrasil/response/RefreshResponse.java
 com.mojang.authlib.yggdrasil.response.RefreshResponse
com/mojang/authlib/HttpAuthenticationService.java
 com.mojang.authlib.HttpAuthenticationService
com/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftSessionService.java
 com.mojang.authlib.minecraft.MinecraftSessionService
com/mojang/authlib/yggdrasil/response/HasJoinedMinecraftServerResponse.java
 com.mojang.authlib.yggdrasil.response.HasJoinedMinecraftServerResponse
com/mojang/authlib/properties/Property.java
 com.mojang.authlib.properties.Property
com/mojang/authlib/yggdrasil/request/InvalidateRequest.java
 com.mojang.authlib.yggdrasil.request.InvalidateRequest
com/mojang/authlib/yggdrasil/response/Response.java
 com.mojang.authlib.yggdrasil.response.Response
com/mojang/authlib/yggdrasil/response/ProfileSearchResultsResponse.java
 com.mojang.authlib.yggdrasil.response.ProfileSearchResultsResponse
 com.mojang.authlib.yggdrasil.response.ProfileSearchResultsResponse$Serializer
com/mojang/authlib/yggdrasil/request/RefreshRequest.java
 com.mojang.authlib.yggdrasil.request.RefreshRequest
com/mojang/authlib/yggdrasil/response/AuthenticationResponse.java
 com.mojang.authlib.yggdrasil.response.AuthenticationResponse
com/mojang/authlib/ProfileLookupCallback.java
 com.mojang.authlib.ProfileLookupCallback
com/mojang/util/UUIDTypeAdapter.java
 com.mojang.util.UUIDTypeAdapter
